hi this is marco de top info
today unpacking video before the
test video that will arrive from here
a few days of a brand mobile
pretty little one will say it known in France
must be realistic and not very cool
also castle phone and despite everything
yet we are aware of a lot of
things especially we follow the news the
Chinese builders and this is the case
here because we have a mobile brand
that hugo a 100% Chinese brand know
than in China designed for the market
Chinese
prevents that through some
importers we get to get it for
the hexagon
and this is the case here with the
cube at p6 precisely this is the p5 then
it is the p 05 p 672 that has been
provided by tiny deal a shop so
a tiny importer 10 points like that
I want to thank you for the
blow then thani the coop point which we
so lets test today what
famous mobile cubic p6 to p6 172 1
for really the extreme to simplify
the thing 1.5 inches and is including
well I 'll come back I 'll come back on
specs during the test
that's a vote either but you have
found that Chinese mobiles are
generally well endowed and this is where
also the peculiarity is that one
is not sure to invite myself to the debate I
you will see in a few moments
we have a battery and a mobile there is
a few extra things
then the box in itself she is
rather simple a format box I
believe it's due and huy europe and that
is like that I'm not sure if
I plant well you will have the leisure
you visionary voters for fun of me
correct we'll say on the left side
from the right of the box we find the
serial number but it's a big
classic support us not much to
to say if it is only good or so
know it's a model p 0.5 all
just what is a 5 inch
but this is the p6 172 guy nothing
else the box she extremely clean
so extremely clean why because
that maybe we could say that
it's a brand a little bit premium a
little bit luxury or just because
they would not bother to
packing only mentions and
others for me I have access a little
both I have the impression that the brand
try to have a little positioning
more upscale even though side
price you have to see it's really
not at all high-end in terms
of price anyway I hear and or
so to simplify finally I think that
it's a bit of both the price on our
lives I did not want to give on the
shop especially
an idyll it's off promotion to a
just over 100 euros it is
currently on sale for 81 euros
so that's up to you to see if you
find it's a good deal
personally I find the price
particularly aggressive so if we
open the box
here it is that smartphones to
the interior is the mobile and you
go see he is very well protected he
is first on a cradle in
plastic that really has the merit of the
hold but fine as well and at
back the geek word that is in the
bubble wrap which then is in a
little bag we will send before he
arrives damaged you really have to go
that was forced and he already has his first
accessory that your tv that is already
base which is a good all that power
implies that they are so it's a
clip cover what more to say a pinball
with his famous flip cover so the flap
is built into the battery cover it's me
position on the latte of the phone the
first contact and there is even a movie of
protection on the water on the screen on the
front side you've seen yourself
level 2 finish maybe not
that's not how we call it
but the level of attention to detail is
rather this is the attention to detail of the
part of the manufacturer
it's me it's already done calista includes
the phone in hand my first one
is already quite surprised enough
sympathetically surprised by this pinball
which already has basic built is already
positioned on the basic phone there
there is even a full movie that
good protector that's it's good
is good spirit that I find it
it's positive
so that's the phone itself
a little heavy good grip but the
weight is quite consistent I think
that we happily exceed 143 150 g
I will come back to this on this aspect
during the test for the shot against the
weight of a also a sense of
solidity
we have there dimensions that are
rather special it 's 5 inches
but it's human, we have sides that
are pretty square enough enough
rectangular that it really gives a
feeling of strength but the weight
also helps
this notion there then inside of
the question box will find find
a back to back a battery cover
extra that allows you everything
just to remove the sppe
explains cover and switch everything
simply on a classic dock we go
to say then we find foam
story of well packed all that
we find inside the box a
headset with plastic headphones
gross to jack 3.5 in a packet says it all
what I like with a microphone input that
well here I confirm with particular and
well just a button at 9
here we also find a usb cable
micro usb white you'll have noticed
which like the pedestrian kit and an adapter
sector
just as white as the pedestrian kit and
usb micro usb cable found
also a little bit of documentation
she is in English good in absolute
it's not very surprising and it stinks
is called a quick start bid gaïd
start i rebound down you open that and
you know how to insert your card
sim
how in particular removed the back of the
phone the main buttons the
excess screens do since visibly
you're worth is a mark that is to insert
some custom wallpapers is going
personalize
we mean lillers so here I am
reminds unpacking video today
before the test medium because once
few days of the cube in the country 05 p 672
or more simply p6 a mobile with
a 5-inch screen sold for less than
100 euros on the shop whose times
idyll that allows us to test this
mobile today is so mobile
which is accompanied by good
accessories we see the attention to detail
classic pedestrian power adapter
for the blow that could perhaps
to do cheap because it's listening
raw plastics action a usb cable
micro usb a spare shell
additional black plastic the
phone is then the phone I the
reminds his son cover already integrated
and a protective film on the face
before that it's a state of mind that you
not much maybe 10 cents
but it's more than ali and it's
really appreciated and appreciated
in any case I can
thank you so much for watching the
unpacking video that precedes the video
to test the cube to p6 to do more
simple
a 5 inch screen here thank you for having
viewed this video do not hesitate to
comment do not hesitate to like
do not hesitate to share etc etc
see you soon